Adding bastion - Azure Arc-enabled servers (#996)
microsoft/azure_arc: docs/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/azure/azure_arm_template_linux/_index.md

## Linux Login & Post Deployment

> * Now that the Linux Server VM is created, it is time to login to it. If you have not chosen to deploy Azure Bastion in the ARM template, SSH to the VM using it's public Ip.

Reviewer: ```suggested 
* Now that the Linux Server VM is created, it is time to login to it. If you have not chosen to deploy Azure Bastion in the ARM template, SSH to the VM using its public IP.
```

> * Now that the Linux Server VM is created, it is time to login to it. If you have not chosen to deploy Azure Bastion in the ARM template, SSH to the VM using it's public IP.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Now that the Linux Server VM is created, it is time to log in to it. If you have not chosen to deploy Azure Bastion in the ARM template, SSH to the VM using its public IP.
```
